Hmm.
It’s almost Halloween again.
It’ll be my last Halloween here.
Halloween surprised me at first.
People would walk around in costumes day and night, having lunch and shopping as if everything was as usual.
People would come out in frightening costumes at night.
I used to go out in a costume with my college friends too.
I think Takeshi-san isn’t into that kind of thing.
I’ve never seen him in a costume.
It would be fun if we could go out in costumes together.
I wonder what kind of costume I’ll wear this year.
When I see Jack-o-lanterns on Halloween night, I sometimes wish I could just stay here and live with Takeshi-san.
Hee, hee.